Erika Romero: And I know I don't know what's going on with the with the clinic. I can't seem to get through there, like it has the whole screen.
Erika Romero: And then it goes from the whole screen and it goes to the black screen where it says connecting and then it goes right to the whole screen and literally I saw on hold us today between when I first email before when I first started
Erika Romero: And then I emailed you and then I tried back again.
Erika Romero: I was on hold that early find out if you're struggling altogether.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I
Erika Romero: Went in and I figured, okay, well, I'll just go ahead and check in early since I have such a problem.
Erika Romero: Yesterday, and I got on I exactly 527 and same thing. I don't know what's going on with that.
Erika Romero: I know that you guys changed in that or they changed the system that they told me that a while back, but
Erika Romero: I don't know if that's what's causing all the problems or what
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm not
Dominique Pozo: Sure, either.
Dominique Pozo: Hi, you're getting
Erika Romero: Yo, and then I and then
Dominique Pozo: You're, you're very broken up Erica, I'm having a hard time hearing you. I'm not hearing you actually
Erika Romero: Yeah, I know. That's because my phone is almost dead. So, can you hear me now, you better
Erika Romero: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I had to plug my phone in
Erika Romero: Okay, yeah.
Erika Romero: So it was just a big mess yesterday and I do apologize I did try to get in.
Erika Romero: But
Dominique Pozo: That's okay.
Dominique Pozo: Although you I let you in without you checking into the zoom room which I mean to the virtual clinic, which is not we're not supposed to do that. So if you can just let me know.
Dominique Pozo: Check in after the session because they do need to check you in through that. Can you do that.
Dominique Pozo: Are you able to just let them know, hey, I had my session.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I can I can I can do that.
Dominique Pozo: That's not okay. That would be great. One second. I'm just going to grab
Dominique Pozo: One thing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And and I did. I responded to your email. I don't know if you missed it, or what but Dr. Kendall responded as well. And she said she, she called your scripted.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I just now got that too. So I don't know if there's just a delay or what I don't know because it was right after I emailed you this last time that I got that I got the response, the response from you and from Dr kendo
Erika Romero: So everything's fine. My husband's going now to Walgreens to go
Erika Romero: Pick up my script so
Erika Romero: I was like I was like really fresh. I was like, I don't know what's going on. It was on my end or if it's on on on your guys's end and
Erika Romero: I guess that's the thing that's really stressing me out is because I don't know if it's if it's me if it's something that I'm doing or something is going on with my my service that you know that's causing this problem and so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: I was like, I don't know what to do, as Thomas said, I'm just so frustrated right now because I really don't know what to do. I don't know what's going on.
Erika Romero: I said, I know that I need to be in my sessions and I sit in. I really don't want you know that to become a problem to where you know if I'm not able to make my my sessions, whether it be
Erika Romero: My individual therapy with you or my group sessions years. I really enjoy them, you know, and so and and i think it gets it gets a some sort of adult first of all adult can't guess I have a three three year old contact all day long. So, you know, I don't have any other
Erika Romero: Besides, my husband adult human contact so
Erika Romero: During the days. And so that kind of gives me adult interaction.
Erika Romero: And also, you know, gives me an outlet to, you know, deal with whatever might be going on, you know, during that week. And so
Erika Romero: Plus. On top of that, that's, you know, I don't want that to be an issue when it comes to my medication to, you know what I mean, because I know we've had that talk about
Erika Romero: About if we don't make our groups and stuff like that that you know that could become a hindrance with our, our medications and that's not definitely not something that I want to do right now.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely. I get that. And I am
Dominique Pozo: I think the virtual clinic is having a hard time right now. They're just flooded with
Dominique Pozo: With new patients, which isn't an excuse. It's not, you know, it's not okay that you're waiting an hour, I guess if you're able, they are saying that people can sign up to six hours in advance. So if you're able to do it earlier in the day, then they'll call you with a number
Dominique Pozo: Later, that's one option and to I'm going to i. This has happened a few times with different people. That's a week. So I'm going to definitely talk to bright heart health, and just checking around that.
Erika Romero: And well I when I did my I did my survey early yesterday and I thought, okay, I'll go ahead and get that taken care of.
Erika Romero: That will be done and I won't have to hassle. With that, you know, before Clint before I went to my before I went to group, but
Erika Romero: I didn't have time to do the check in. So I said, Okay, well, just try to get in earlier so that I don't have to, you know, there won't be a problem trying to get in.
Erika Romero: That's why I got on yesterday at a quarter after so that I could be. I could be in group or by four by six o'clock yesterday. So it was a
Erika Romero: Quarter after five is when I when I ended up and I didn't finally hang up and text you. I think it was about 615 is when I find two 610 615
Erika Romero: Is when I finally texted, or emailed you and said, Okay, I've been sitting on hold. I don't know what's going on. And then after I emailed you I got back on again.
Erika Romero: And I sat on holds probably for another 2030 minutes before my granddaughter had a little spill outside, she was trying to go down the stairs. So
Dominique Pozo: No. Yeah.
Erika Romero: Yeah, and did have a little spill. So, um, so I never even got your email telling me that you know to call the number to go ahead and go on in
Erika Romero: So, but anyway, I'm here.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Yay, okay. I'm so glad
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: But anyway.
Erika Romero: This week's been pretty good. This been it's been a pretty good week so far.
Erika Romero: And I guess I
Erika Romero: My daughter ended up
Erika Romero: She ended up I'm texting my husband this this last week, which kind of raised a lot of
Erika Romero: Issues for me but I mean with my daughter. I gotta take what she says with a grain of salt.
Erika Romero: You know, because she she does cause a lot of psychological BS for me.
Erika Romero: I mean aside from that, it's been a pretty good week.
Don't
Dominique Pozo: Create and how about I don't know if this is an issue for you still are fixed up at the moment, but I'm just wondering how how's it going with your husband and his porn and all that, have you addressed that more
Erika Romero: Yeah, him and I had a talk about it as a matter of fact, the last time that we had, you and I
Erika Romero: Had our session. And yeah, he is so he's he's working on it. And I did let him know you know that I really needed
Erika Romero: Him to his, his support a lot more, you know and and
Erika Romero: And kind of to be on a united front together.
Erika Romero: Regardless of
Erika Romero: Whether it be our marriage or, you know, with my granddaughter whatever and and he he heard me out and and to
Erika Romero: Us. Well, you know, he's willing to work on it. That's one thing.
Erika Romero: I've really gotten lucky with with him is I'm
Erika Romero: Me. I don't know really how to speak to people without being a jerk. So like I said, like I told you I really have to think about what I say. But with him. I've really gotten lucky because he when I bring certain things to his attention.
Erika Romero: Sometimes it doesn't go so well initially
Erika Romero: Um, but
Erika Romero: He does try to work through whatever you know whatever whatever is not not making me happy. He tries to fix it.
Erika Romero: So, um,
Erika Romero: Yeah, he he's he's doing pretty good.
Erika Romero: We'll see. We'll see how he maintains that
Erika Romero: But um yeah he's I'm really lucky that way. I am because my last two marriages weren't like that I I struggled a lot with those with
Erika Romero: With those marriages and and I struggled with my own with my, my, my husband now to in the beginning, him and I really
Erika Romero: Had a rough start, you know, and probably
Erika Romero: WITH THE WAY THAT OUR MARRIAGE STARTED, I probably shouldn't have married him just because of what he had what he did the things that he did but and and probably any sane woman would have been like
Erika Romero: Think so, you know,
Erika Romero: Because I think because I've been through so much in my life with, especially with men.
Erika Romero: But I think I kind of really try to give him the benefit of the doubt and kind of just work through things with him.
Erika Romero: And and so
Erika Romero: It's been
Erika Romero: It's been fairly easy with
Erika Romero: It just, it's just a matter of how I approach things because I really don't know how to speak to people and I never really have and so
Erika Romero: Or how to get my point across, without being a jerk, all the time you know about it.
Erika Romero: But
Dominique Pozo: Well here's I have a good. I have a good exercise for that. If you want to try something.
Dominique Pozo: Sure. So think about
Dominique Pozo: Maybe some expectations. You have to have a piece of paper and a pen. Be good to write some of this down.
Yep.
Erika Romero: In my room this time. So I have to go to see my
Dominique Pozo: Screen.
Erika Romero: I always leave you on hold. I'll be right back.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: No problem.
Erika Romero: Hold on, you just
Erika Romero: Hear me ok I
Erika Romero: See, all right. Can you see me.
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Okay. So start with some expectations that you may have of your husband.
Erika Romero: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe, maybe, let's start with like
Dominique Pozo: Anywhere between
Dominique Pozo: three and five.
Okay.
Erika Romero: Now these are expectations that I have of him that I feel sometimes that he kind of isn't
Erika Romero: up to par with, I think, and so
Erika Romero: I guess these are my. Okay, that's him that I expect for him to because he came lakhs on on the on these things. So I have three of them really that that are
Erika Romero: The biggest ones for me, so I'm
Erika Romero: Helping me around the house that equal parenting roles and respecting me as a woman, and his wife.
Erika Romero: And and I'll explain that and because
Erika Romero: I think I told you his whole his PORNOGRAPHY THING. And so, and that's what I'm. That's what I'm referring to when it comes to that.
Erika Romero: So, and then the equal parenting rules, just because he parents completely different than I parent
Yeah.
Erika Romero: help around the house because I really work hard. I'm I have OCD really bad, so it
Erika Romero: My house is very welcome. But as soon as he walks through the door. It's this there you know it's and I'm like dude, I just spent the whole day cleaning up you know attracts mud through the floors, you know, so those are, these are the ones that are the biggest on my list so
Erika Romero: Yeah, so okay though. There you go. There you go. Those are what I have on here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so from what you've written I wondering
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, I'm gonna, I'm going to pull up this list of needs here and have you
Dominique Pozo: Write down maybe like three or four
Dominique Pozo: Needs that go that that
Dominique Pozo: Connect to these expectations. Okay, just
Dominique Pozo: So it's kind of like underneath each of these, you're gonna
Dominique Pozo: You're gonna write down a few of these.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Can you see but
Erika Romero: Yeah, just open it up.
Dominique Pozo: How's it going,
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me.
Erika Romero: I'm here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, how's it. Are you still writing needs done
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Take your time.
Dominique Pozo: It's all good. I just wanted to
Dominique Pozo: check in and see how it's going
Erika Romero: I'm almost done.
Okay.
Erika Romero: Okay, I think I got it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Do we you share with me what you wrote down for sure.
Erika Romero: Okay, so under our help around the house. I put appreciation cooperation and participation.
Erika Romero: Okay, under equal parenting roles equality contribution and participation.
Erika Romero: Now the last one I put a few quite a few of them.
Erika Romero: Are respecting me as a woman, so I'm consideration, but the security trust integrity and to matter.
Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: So why I'm doing this is because I'd really love to support you in. I've heard you say a few times when you communicate. You can be an asshole. I heard you say that I'm not saying that I've heard you say it.
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: What I'm wanting to help support is for you to be heard and for to foster more connection when you want things to change or to get your needs met, not to have
Dominique Pozo: You know the pushback or the fights or whatever. So, um,
Dominique Pozo: So now that you've done this. Okay, you've identified the expectations you have you're getting really clear on the needs what requests, could you make that are really clear direct maybe have already done this, I don't know, but I just, I'm wanting to help you come up with
Dominique Pozo: A way that you can communicate your needs and make requests. So hopefully they're met and things do start shifting
Erika Romero: Right. So yeah, it needs in these areas I have, we have spoken about it. And so it's not like it's something that has has not been addressed.
Erika Romero: I think it. I think I've kind of come to the conclusion that enter just men and they would like you to talk to them and things go in one ear and come out the other. You know, and they have short term memory loss, you know, and
Dominique Pozo: I don't know. I don't wanna. I don't want to let them off. That easy.
Erika Romero: Or I don't know what it is.
Erika Romero: Kind of things get lost. Sometimes, and I think
Erika Romero: I tried like with one I
Erika Romero: Like what the thing about home you know and i i bring it to his attention and I tell him that
Erika Romero: Why do you do this, you know, because he he'll take his dishes, all the way to the kitchen and leave them on the counter.
Erika Romero: Okay, why can't you put them in the sink or, you know, a paper plate, throw it in the trash. You know, and he says, oh,
Erika Romero: I, as a matter of fact, we had this conversation just two days ago because I asked him, he said, Why you do this.
Erika Romero: I don't understand why do you do this, you know, you get everything all the way to the kitchen and then you just put it right here. You open up something and you need the wrapper on the counter. Is this all eventually I'll get to it. I said, Well, how long is eventually I said doesn't
Dominique Pozo: Mean that
Erika Romero: You're going to have a stack of stuff here before.
Erika Romero: I leave like get to it or
Erika Romero: You know it's going to be spread out all over the kitchen or, you know, I don't get it. So, you know, we do have these conversations and
Erika Romero: And I
Erika Romero: That's one of the things that I can't seem to get in him to work on. So, um, and, and he'll tell me. Hey, sorry, you know, and He'll. He'll
Erika Romero: You know, go pick it up, but here five minutes later, he'll do the exact same thing you know and and i just like
Erika Romero: To let
Erika Romero: You know I
Erika Romero: Can understand why we we can't, you know, move past this this area and so me. I've always been the one have been one to say, okay, well, how was it all just do it. You know what I mean, because it
Erika Romero: It's easier for me than to have to keep repeating myself and repeating myself, and because there's not a
Dominique Pozo: I imagine I imagine that resentment could build over time if if you keep doing this.
Erika Romero: It does.
Erika Romero: It does, it does get very frustrating for me. And I just wanted to take what what he's left on the counter and throw it at him and say,
Yeah.
Erika Romero: You know you've gotten it here. What's another you know
Erika Romero: You know, you, you can take it from the top of the counter and will it down six inches and put it in the trash, you know. Yeah. Or, or, all you have to do is turn around.
Erika Romero: Put it in the trash can. So what. Where's the, where's the disconnection there, you know, or is it just stops there, you know, and why it doesn't progress any further than that.
Erika Romero: So that, that's one thing that I do get really frustrated with and
Erika Romero: But yes, it does become reason I do become resentful because I've always been like that was my kids to, you know, and for some reason I put men and children in the same category you know they have they have about the same rank and expansion in there. You know that there's no
Erika Romero: I'm for some reason. There's a wall there that doesn't allow them to go any further. Are you know i don't know what it is that the just, it just stops at a certain point, you know, and it doesn't go any further.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I want to. I'm going to challenge that because I think that could be true for many men, not all. And I also think that
Dominique Pozo: If you are holding this belief.
Dominique Pozo: It's going to keep him in that late and things are not going to change. So
Dominique Pozo: I am going to invite that we've just explore a little bit like what kind of request, could you make that include your needs and start to really
Dominique Pozo: Because I hear that you're talking about it and you might be saying, hey, please do this yet. I, I don't know, I'm not sure. And maybe you are but not sure if he's really hearing your deep needs behind
Dominique Pozo: And I'm sure you know, if we really think about, it's like it's obvious. I need cooperation, I need me to ality I need all these things yet. Sometimes people need to hear it.
Erika Romero: Right, so I guess if if if I had to
Erika Romero: If I have to address that further. I guess I could probably look it I've, I've been working really hard all day long and I really would appreciate it if you would just help me out a little bit more, maybe get, get your trash into the trash can or put your socks in the hamper, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Instead, because the why, so can you. Will you share with me. The needs. I want to hear it. It's
Dominique Pozo: It's really owning you have these needs. So what are the from what you wrote down what are the needs
Erika Romero: Because I need you to appreciate what you know the fact that I work all the log it be like if I came to your job site and
Erika Romero: You know, and took apart one year air conditioners, you know, after you spent the whole day up on a roof somewhere, putting an air conditioner and, you know, and I came and I took it all apart and said, Oh, well, you have to do it again, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's a great example. So, appreciation, what else I imagine there's more need tied up in there.
Erika Romero: Just
Erika Romero: For him to be cooperative, you know, to cooperate with me and and you know work hand in hand with me.
Dominique Pozo: To being a team being more the team is
Dry
Erika Romero: Not the head coach and you're
Erika Romero: You know, you're, you're the student or you're, you know, the little league baseball player. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah yeah
Erika Romero: You know i i feel like, you know, we should be cooperating together and doing what we need to do what needs to be done together as a team, rather than me, being the coach in new beings.
Erika Romero: You know, a little league.
Erika Romero: Player
Dominique Pozo: I wonder, I don't know if that would offend him maybe he'd LAUGH Maybe not, but I think just simply saying being more of a team sounds really good to me.
Erika Romero: And then, you know, I have the
Erika Romero: Participation in with in there too, which I guess would be probably, you know, in that same category you know just participate with me and and and helped me out and
Erika Romero: Appreciate that. You know that I have worked hard all day long and that you come home to a nice clean home and you know that as soon as you walk through the door. There's a much trail right next to your clothing trail.
Erika Romero: They take an article of clothing off at a time and it's
Erika Romero: A TRIP OVER THE SHOES.
Erika Romero: Yes.
Erika Romero: That's so interesting. I
Dominique Pozo: I, I just was hearing from someone yesterday about things being left on the floor that they could potentially trip on it, even though it sounds minor it's it's really upsetting.
Erika Romero: It is because
Erika Romero: And then on top of that you know i all day long.
Erika Romero: We don't live in a very big house. So when my granddaughter throws her toys on the floor. It is literally the walkway you know of everywhere.
Erika Romero: Anywhere that she can throw it is a walkway, you know,
Erika Romero: There's so there's not a whole lot of space. And so as soon as he gets home her toys are on the floor and then his stuffs on the floor, you know, and I'm tripping over toys and stepping on little toys and
Erika Romero: tripping over shoes and
Erika Romero: Oh, it does get it. First of all, it gets pretty mundane to have to keep doing the same thing over and over and over all
Erika Romero: And I feel with my granddaughter because like I said, our houses and all that big. So I have to pick up her toys, because she's good. She goes from one thing to the next in about 30 seconds you
Know,
Erika Romero: Constantly changing activities or or changing toys that she wants to play with.
Erika Romero: So it becomes it does become
Erika Romero: Intrusive after soul, you know, after she's changed activities once or twice.
Erika Romero: But then my husband gets home. And it's the same thing. You know, so I'm dealing not only with our stuff everywhere, but then I'm dealing with his stuff everywhere.
Erika Romero: And it does be
Erika Romero: Stressful. You know, because at some point, I would just like to sit down and my husband always tells me that the honey. Why don't you sit down.
Erika Romero: Sit down. If I could sit down and I would, because I get tired.
Erika Romero: Yeah today.
Erika Romero: Austin, because I spent my whole day yesterday. Just cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, because it was a long three day weekend and Monday through Sunday are my, you know, clean up after my husband comes back to work day, you know, but we had a three day weekend, which made it one day more dirt.
Erika Romero: I spend my whole day yesterday. Just cleaning, cleaning minutes so tired.
Erika Romero: I'm exhausted today too. And you know, I take for granted. Sometimes the fact that I'm not as is young and
Erika Romero: And or have as much energy as I used to, you know, and
Erika Romero: The same way you know and I just don't have that energy anymore.
Dominique Pozo: This is where I really hear the importance of this need for support from him because you're changing you know your your energy levels are not the same, and no raising a three year old and then and then it sounds like an adult.
Child
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: Yeah. Yeah, it does. It is hard, but
Erika Romero: You know, I still try to keep up with it. And that, but it's just not the same. I don't have that energy anymore and I you know I would love to just be able to sit down and say, okay, my days over you.
Dominique Pozo: Know,
Erika Romero: And then he gets home and her behavior changes completely to because all day long and she can just entertain herself, and she very rarely give me any problems. But as soon as he walks to the door because she knows that he's
Erika Romero: The pushover. It becomes a whole circus with her because
Erika Romero: You know, really, that behavior starts changing and her attitude starts changing and she starts really being really needy.
Erika Romero: And I think that's because her grandpa just gives her gives her gifts are gifts are and that's a good thing. But his mind in his parenting style and so completely different.
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: At that point, you know, I think, Okay, well, my husband's home you know he can deal with her. But then I have to deal with, or two, because I've
Erika Romero: Still got to discipline her, you know, and he's really working on trying to work on that to try and work on the discipline aspect which i'm glad for because I you know they're there for a while.
Erika Romero: We were really just butting heads.
Erika Romero: Big time with her.
Erika Romero: Over her because you was the, give, give, give, and let her do what she wants. Let her do what she wants.
Erika Romero: More the the strict grandparent. Who likes did discipline. You know what I mean, I think.
Dominique Pozo: Boundaries and kids.
Erika Romero: And me and so
Erika Romero: If I hit it with her with him. She has no boundaries or they're starting to become a lot
Erika Romero: A lot more boundaries with him.
Erika Romero: But it wasn't like that. And it's only starting it been starting to change over the last few months.
Erika Romero: Because we've really had to have
Erika Romero: A heart to heart about that you know where I've had to sit him down on on a couple of occasions and tell him you know I really need your house.
I can
Dominique Pozo: I can
Erika Romero: You know, and he's still the pushover. But he's starting to put his foot down more often with her and and you know put limits on her. And so, and that that's
Erika Romero: pretty helpful. But you know that there's still those gap.
Dominique Pozo: You know, and
So,
Erika Romero: And so it does make your heart. And then so it just kind of seems like it's constant
Erika Romero: Its constant, you know, around here.
Erika Romero: For me, anyway, you know,
Erika Romero: Where I would like to be able to end my day or and be able to relax and that's not the case.
Dominique Pozo: You know, just kind of
Erika Romero: Just keeps going and going and going and going in it, sometimes it doesn't. My day don't until 1112 o'clock at night when she finally goes to sleep. But then again, that's, that's where that short all is with him because he's the one that puts her to sleep.
Erika Romero: Because she wants her to sleep.
Erika Romero: And because she knows he'll put the TV on for her and let her watch TV or, as I say, Okay, you can watch 30 minutes of your show. And that's it. TV goes off, you know, now it's bedtime.
Erika Romero: So I'm really trying to get her into a routine. It's not working.
Erika Romero: It's not working. So we're it's still a work in progress. It really is working with with her.
Erika Romero: So is that
Dominique Pozo: Is what I am inviting you to do helpful.
Erika Romero: To like
Dominique Pozo: Name the needs that are behind the expectations and then think about request.
Erika Romero: Absolutely, yeah.
Erika Romero: Because that gives me a way to kind of
Erika Romero: A to say what I what I expect without being a jerk.
Dominique Pozo: You know, yeah.
Erika Romero: Okay, give me some other words to use without beings, you know, so I'm
Erika Romero: Forward.
Erika Romero: Yeah, and so
Dominique Pozo: And I think you can be
Dominique Pozo: Forward and be told.
Dominique Pozo: That's what it's about. Yeah. And the whole point. So what I'm actually sharing with you are. It's called compassionate communication skills.
Erika Romero: And
Dominique Pozo: The whole point of that is to
Dominique Pozo: Stay connected and not disconnect
Dominique Pozo: Through conflict because I think you know that's what I think most of us want that. We want connection. That's why we're having conflict because something's not flowing
Dominique Pozo: And so, you know, if we're just reactive and being a jerk, like you say you can be that creates even more of what you don't want. So it's like, Okay, how to stay connected through the conflict and then hopefully have some resolution that leads towards change.
Erika Romero: You know, right, right. And I see that you know and when you put the list up for me when you started this exercise with me. I said, Okay, well I know my expectations are, you know, and then you put the list of for me it clicked. I said,
Erika Romero: Okay, I know what she's doing. She's given me a way to be able to speak, you know, my mind without using harsh words without, you know saying things that I'll regret, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Right, right.
Erika Romero: Some other word options.
Erika Romero: Um, yeah, to come me indicate how I feel and what I'm thinking. And what I'm going through
Erika Romero: So yeah that's that's definitely helpful because sometimes I get at a loss for words. And like I said, I can say things that can be really, really hateful or
Erika Romero: Mean or
Erika Romero: You know, industry, respectful, just because you know
Erika Romero: I'm frustrated or I'm
Erika Romero: Angry or whatever. And in a lot of times we say things without thinking about it or without knowing how to approach it. And I think that's my biggest thing is I
Erika Romero: I don't really know how to approach certain things and and I think that's why I have to stop it when I'm in in the heat of an argument, I have to stop you know myself and separate myself not only just to
Erika Romero: Cool down but to think about what I need to say without
Erika Romero: Without
Erika Romero: You know, hurting somebody's
Erika Romero: Feelings or something that I regret. So that's very helpful.
Erika Romero: Oh, not just in this situation, but I mean, it gives me something to think about. You know, it should anything, any other situations arise. I appreciate that. That
Erika Romero: You doing that with me because I don't really know how sometimes so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you're over there.
Dominique Pozo: That's very good catch on, you're catching on so quickly, so I'm
Dominique Pozo: You know this. These are just skills and tools that you know we just got to keep flexing those muscles when I know I do. When
Dominique Pozo: When I get reactive, it's like, Okay, take a deep breath. Okay, what's happening, what needs are not being met and then be able to just speak from there.
Dominique Pozo: And it helps with the other to, you know, to, like, you know, he has his reasons for
Dominique Pozo: For doing what he does. I'm going to pull up the list and sometimes it's helpful to try to get someone's needs and then let them tell you. Yeah, that's true or not, so that they feel understood. So I wonder if some of his
Dominique Pozo: Needs are when he gets home after a long day. I wonder some of his needs may be
Dominique Pozo: Self expression. I don't see relaxation in here, but that is the need relaxation ease
Dominique Pozo: Support. You know, I wonder, I wonder, some of understanding spontaneity. You know, he's working all day and it's not. It's definitely by no means is it justified his behavior, but
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes it helps to say okay I imagine you're throwing your stuff everywhere because you just need to like, relax. Not saying do this and it's not working for me and it helps
Dominique Pozo: That helps sometimes when someone else is
Is
Dominique Pozo: They see oh wow okay they're considering my approach, even though it doesn't work for them.
Erika Romero: All right. Oh yeah, and I do I you know I kind of give that to him, because I know he's been you know he does each back so I know he does spends a lot of his day outside and on on top of people's roofs, especially in, you know, we live in Mexico, so it's
Erika Romero: Hotter than hat, you know, and so I know that when he comes home all he wants to do is just shut off air being that he's been you know he's been in all day long.
Erika Romero: But at the same time, I need him to understand that, you know, I've been here all day doing my job. My job is equally as hard as yours. I actually have two jobs. I'm the housekeeper and the babysitter.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Erika Romero: So, you know, I kind of need you to understand and need him to understand that, you know, and my job is a 24 hour a day job, you know, I get up in the middle of the night and and deal with situations with the baby almost every single night, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Erica, you're such a creative woman. I'm wondering if you can come up because I just came up with one, but I don't want to put it in your situation. I wonder if you come up with a creative solution so that he can still
Dominique Pozo: do his thing, and it doesn't impact you in the way it is. So can you think of a creative way that that could work that could actually maybe be enjoyable for the both of you and
Dominique Pozo: Or at least for him and then meet your need for more order and
Dominique Pozo: Respect for what you've done all day.
Dominique Pozo: Why don't you think about it.
Dominique Pozo: Think about it this week and then I'm not going to
Dominique Pozo: Say what I am thinking I'm going to remember it. I know I will.
Dominique Pozo: So see if you could come up with a creative solution that will meet both of your needs and we'll check in about it next week. And if you still haven't come up with one I'll put out a an offering a possibility of something
Erika Romero: Yeah, that's because to me, I'm one of those kind of cut to the chase kind of people you know what I mean. No.
Erika Romero: I don't see
Erika Romero: Black and white sometimes, you know, or I see it as black and white. You know my way
Erika Romero: To come to a conclusion to our weekend we can meet in the middle. Because I am I am a black and white kind of person that's gonna have to take some time.
Dominique Pozo: And this is this really goes along with addictive behavior. It's often black and white. It's all or nothing. It's very, it can be very extreme. So I think what I'm inviting you to do. I know I am.
Dominique Pozo: Is not only with your relationship with your husband, but just in general, it's like a key finding that middle ground where the behavior isn't so extreme where the thinking isn't so black and white.
Erika Romero: It.
Dominique Pozo: Kind of goes across the board with part of the recovery. So, this I would say this is a part of the recovery process to is
Dominique Pozo: You know, finding those
Dominique Pozo: creative solutions that are more in the middle ground.
Okay.
Erika Romero: My best shot at that.
Erika Romero: Yeah, for me.
Erika Romero: straight to the point. It's always been straight to the black or white. There's no gray area that's just black and white.
Erika Romero: So you're giving me a
Erika Romero: huge challenge.
Erika Romero: To the occasion.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, it makes me think of like a tree, you know, and that's saying that you know what doesn't bend breaks and, you know, eventually
Dominique Pozo: If I i believe i think if it stays so black or white. Something cracks along the way. So it's like you know how to keep finding that middle ground that's
Dominique Pozo: More bendable within limits, you know, not overriding your needs and not you know overextending for someone else, but just finding that place that hopefully it will support more easy for you and everyone
Erika Romero: Well, and I think with that black and white mentality come
Erika Romero: Just pointless because God. I know that because there's those know crazy sometimes that you know you have set yourself up for great expectations.
Dominique Pozo: You know, I'm not
Erika Romero: Black or black or white scenario. And you kind of set yourself up for disappointment.
Erika Romero: Because there isn't that gray area, you know, to do. Yes, you do. Or you don't
Right.
Erika Romero: And then a lot of times I know a lot of times, though.
Erika Romero: A lot of things are in that gray area so
Erika Romero: I have been disappointed. A whole lot
Erika Romero: Making anything that's probably why.
Erika Romero: You know, now that I'm thinking about it that's
Probably why
Erika Romero: I haven't done room for that group or just giving you know that's that's a black or white. So
Erika Romero: Towns dominate us or that isn't
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Erika Romero: You. I know you will. I trust you will. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: We're getting close to the end of the
Erika Romero: Session know what
Erika Romero: I was gonna ask you this for cuz I gotta go run to the pharmacy before they shut down before they close tonight so
Dominique Pozo: That's fine. I just want to
Dominique Pozo: Just check in with you about the calendar and our next session.
Dominique Pozo: Are we doing, can you remind me. I have got so many different clients. I don't remember we doing every week or every other week. What would you
Dominique Pozo: Like to
Dominique Pozo: Get every other
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so do you want to meet on the 10th at the same time.
Erika Romero: Sure, that'd be great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. I'm going to put you on for the 10th.
Erika Romero: Okay. Sounds good to me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I have a great evening and many blessings
Erika Romero: Okay, I'll see you on Tuesday. You have a good night.
Erika Romero: You too. Bye bye.
Okay.